Weekly activity report no. 20071129.2226 sequence no. 0010 week 8 MT

End of my first-ever term at Oxford.  What a ride!  After finishing the week of
specification-and-design (SDE) last Friday, I came out of it much to my suprise
having enjoyed the course very much.  That is not to say it was easy.  It was
not.  SDE was a solid week of 100 percent concentration; if I let my attention
wander even for a second, it felt like I could fall off the express train and
never be able to catch up.  The group project at the end---I dread group
projects---actually turned out to be a lot of fun after all; the two groups came
up with very different solutions, but they were complementary in interesting
ways.  What was most interesting to me was the way that a particular "error
state" that we needed (but didn't know we needed) appeared right out of the Z
equations, clear as day.  I was working separately, on the other side of the
room, on the state transition model, and the same (needed) error state appeared
there too!  It was a surprise to see it appear so clearly, out of two different
methodologies just about simultaneously.  When we realized it, we knew we were
on to the right solution.

I am now starting to work on the assignment, as well as the assignment for
Safety Critical Systems, due about the same time (early January).

I introduced a paper for the first time at Reading Group this week, on the
history of the Multics security evaluation in 1974.

I have started applying for several grants and other sources of funding; thanks
to Dr. Ashbourn for pointing me at some of them.  Don't know yet what the
results will be, but at least that process is moving forward, albeit slowly.

I entered a term report into the Oxford automated system when prompted; Dr.
Martin should get a copy of it automatically.

-- 
Joe Loughry
DPhil PRS, Computer Science
St Cross College
